### Test Case ID: TC02

**Title:** Purchase Flow with Missing Required Fields

**Description:** Verify that the user cannot complete the purchase flow with missing required fields during checkout

**Preconditions:** Valid user credentials (username: standard_user, password: secret_sauce)

**Test Steps:**

1. Navigate to https://www.saucedemo.com
2. Enter the valid username and password
3. Click the "Login" button
4. Select an item from the list of products by clicking "Add to Cart"
5. Click the shopping cart icon at the top right corner
6. Verify that the selected item is present in the shopping cart
7. Click the "Checkout" button
8. Fill in only the First Name (e.g., "Jon")
9. Click the "Continue" button
10. Fill in only the Last Name (e.g., "Snow")
11. Click the "Continue" button
12. Fill in only the ZIP/Postal Code (e.g., "12345")
13. Click the "Continue" button

**Expected Results:**

1. The homepage of saucedemo.com is displayed
2. The entered username and password are accepted
3. The user is to homepage
4. The selected item shows the "Remove" option, indicating that it has been added to the cart
5. The shopping cart page is displayed
6. The selected item appears in the shopping cart with the correct details (name, price, etc.)
7. The user is redirected to the checkout information page
8. Field is filled with text which was typed
9. An error message is displayed "Error: Last Name is required"
10. Field is filled with text which was typed
11. An error message is displayed "Error: Postal Code is required"
12. Field is filled with text which was typed
13. User is moved to Checkout: Overview
